Flappy Bird Game
A simple and fun Flappy Bird game created with HTML, CSS, and plain JavaScript.

Live Demo <!-- Replace with your actual GitHub Pages link -->

✨ Features
Classic Gameplay: Simple, addictive, one-button gameplay.

Responsive Design: Adapts to different screen sizes, from desktop to mobile.

Score Tracking: Your score is displayed in real-time.

Smooth Animations: Clean animations built with the HTML5 Canvas.

Keyboard and Touch Controls: Play with a mouse click, spacebar, or by tapping the screen.

🚀 Getting Started
To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

Prerequisites
You just need a modern web browser like Google Chrome, Firefox, or Safari.

Installation
Clone the repo to your local machine:

git clone [https://github.com/your-github-username/flappy_bird.git](https://github.com/your-github-username/flappy_bird.git)

Navigate to the project folder:

cd flappy_bird

Open the index.html file in your browser to play the game.

🎮 How to Play
Start Flapping:

Desktop: Click the mouse or press the Spacebar.

Mobile: Tap the screen.

Objective: Navigate the bird through the gaps between the pipes.

Scoring: You get one point for each pipe you successfully pass.

Challenge: Try to beat your high score!

🛠️ Technologies Used
HTML5: For the basic structure and the <canvas> element.

CSS3: For styling the UI elements and background.

JavaScript (ES6): For all game logic, physics, and rendering.

🤝 Contributing
Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".

Fork the Project

Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)

Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')

Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)

Open a Pull Request

📄 License
Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information. (You may want to add a LICENSE file to your repository).
